# REVIEW: CS50's Introduction to Cybersecurity (CS50CS)

CS50's Introduction to Cybersecurity, also known as CS50CS, is one of CS50's newest course offerings. As an introductory course, it provides a sweeping overview of cybersecurity, touching on various topics like cryptography and web privacy. However, it doesn’t delve too deeply into any these subjects, and the course is extremely light on coding, focusing instead on conceptual understanding, making it ideal for beginners. You're not going to be writing a socket sniffer in Python or anything like that.

The course is led by Prof. David Malan, who you might know from the flagship CS50 course (as well as CS50P and CS50T). His teaching style is both energetic and clear, making complex concepts accessible and engaging. The course consists of five lectures, each lasting between 1 to 2 hours, and is characterized by the high production quality that CS50 is known for.

In order to complete the course for a certificate, you must complete an "assignment" after each lecture. These assignments are essentially open-book quizzes with ten questions each. I completed them immediately after watching each lecture so that the information was fresh in my mind, and I found that they took about an hour to complete (though there is no strict time limit). There were some challenging questions sprinkled in these assignments, but there's nothing extremly difficult. When unsure of an answer, it's easy enogh to scrub through the lecture to find and rewatch the relevant section.

There is also a final project for this course, which is distinct from other CS50 courses I've completed. Instead of a traditional project, students create a 7-10 minute narrated slideshow presentation on a recent cybersecurity incident. From start to finish, including research, writing, and recording, this final project took me roughly 10 hours of work. And I really had fun putting it together.

Overall, I devoted about 25 hours to completing this course. This is relatively modest compared to other CS50 courses, especially the more coding-intensive ones like CS50W (Web Programming) and CS50AI (Artificial Intelligence). For those who have completed these more rigorous courses, CS50CS will feel like a breeze. Despite this brevity, the course is incredibly interesting and worthwhile, even for those who don't plan a career in cybersecurity. It offers valuable insights into the field and enhances general understanding of important cybersecurity concepts. I definitely enjoyed this one.